hi I'm Paul and this week I'm testing
the wildest turkey of them all the
Street Fighter s
for many years if you wanted a naked
Ducati you had to look at the monster
range but two years ago - Kelly bought
us this the street fighter which were
based on their 1098 Superbike bikini
which isin there to pair their monsters
by their air called motors which means
the fastest motor develops around about
a hundred horsepower now this water
called street fighter that I'm sitting
on pushes out around 155 horsepower and
uses the motor and all the technology
from their 1098 Superbike range
now while the monsters are more your
traditional sort of naked bike the
street fighter as you can tell from
these LED evil eyes is all about
attitude it's got all the performance
and it's got the styling to match that
makes this a real street fighter now if
you're sitting there in your couch at
the moment thinking that you've got a
street fighter in your garage unless
it's a Ducati street fighter I can tell
you that you haven't because I have
never ever written such a nuts naked
bike as this one
and the reason this bike is so nuts is
because underneath me here is the 1098
motor pulled out a catty Superbike from
a couple of years ago now still pushing
out 155 horsepower and it's also
producing 115 Newton meters of torque
combine that to a bike that weighs in
around 167 kilos and you can see that
it's going to be quite an exciting
package now Ducati work that out and
they've even extended the beautiful
single-sided swingarm by 35 mils to try
and keep the front wheel on the floor
but to be honest it doesn't feel like it
because that front wheel is always
heading for the sky
now the street fighter comes in two
varieties the standard and the S version
we've got the S version here which means
it's got a beautiful set of öhlins Forks
fully adjustable at the front a lovely
Island shock and also some five-spoke
forged alloy wheels now that saves about
two kilos over the standard version
which doesn't really sound like very
much but it certainly does look
wonderful
now the S model has got the same looking
dash as the standard version but it's
also got a lot more goodies on it so
it's got the DDA Ducati data analyzing
system which means you can stick a USB
stick in and download all your lap times
and how are your your telemetry and it's
also got the DTC - catty traction
control standard which gives you eight
levels of tracks your control and to be
honest when there's that much power
being produced through that back wheel
you really do want that very handy
traction control system
as you'd expect with an S version Ducati
the price tag is what you'd say right up
there and this street fighter s has got
up swing tag a thirty seven thousand
nine hundred and ninety dollars and in
anyone's book that's quite a bit of
money but on the road this street
fighter I would actually say is a much
better bike than their 1098 or 1198
Superbike the olan suspension is nice
and supple so it really does soak up our
lumps and bumps but the power from that
motor is just so much more usable from
4000 rpm there's just heaps there and as
I say it really will just wheelie from
corner to corner the riding position
isn't so as radical as the Superbike
either so you don't have all that weight
on your wrists but also you have got the
added bonus of having those Brembo
monobloc calipers so it really is just
like a Superbike front end not the 1098
or more recently the 1198 Superbike are
going to be better on the racetrack
that's for sure but if you like me I
spend 90% of my time on the road I'm
probably only 10% at my time on a
racetrack so I'd much prefer a bike like
this that is so much fun on the road now
there's no denying the Street Fighter X
cost an awful lot more than the
competition but what you're getting is a
bike that is just so bonkers you really
can class it as a street fighter
you